.\" t
.de TQ
.  br
.  ns
.  TP \\$1
..
.TH GAMEMAP "1" "December 2010" "Camoto" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
gamemap \- manipulate maps/levels used by supported games
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gamemap
\fImapfile\fR \fIaction\fR [\fIaction...\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Perform the specified \fIaction\fRs on the given \fImapfile\fR.  The actions
are performed in order (i.e. the first action specified on the command line is
performed first.)
.SH ACTIONS
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB--info\fR
show information about the map
.TP
\fB-p\fR \fIlayer\fR, \fB--print\fR \fIlayer\fR
attempt to print the given layer as ASCII text on stdout
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-t\fR, \fB--type\fR
manually specify the file type (see \fBSUPPORTED FORMATS\fR below for a list
of valid values.)  The map type is normally autodetected, but it needs to
be specified for a few formats which lack signatures to identify them by.)
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--force\fR
open the map as the given --type, even if it doesn't look like it's in
that format.
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--script\fR
print output suitable for parsing by a script.
.SH "SUPPORTED FORMATS"
.TP
Dangerous Dave
.TQ
Xargon
.SH "BASIC EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBgamemap level01.dav --info\fR
show information about the first level in Dangerous Dave
.TP
\fBgamemap board_02.xr1 --print 1\fR
display the background layer of Xargon level 2
.SH NOTES
.PP
Exit status is 0 on success, nonzero on failure.
.SH KNOWN ISSUES
.PP
None yet.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Adam Nielsen <malvineous@shikadi.net>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <camoto@lists.shikadi.net>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Adam Nielsen.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfile\fR(1), <http://www.shikadi.net/camoto>
.PP
All the map formats supported by this utility are fully documented on the Game Modding
Wiki \fB<http://www.shikadi.net/moddingwiki>\fR.
.PP
This utility is part of the Camoto suite of tools.
